Drive them out. By ye figurative mystery of these holy vestures or vestments DEMON_NAME, I will clothe me with the armour of salvation in ye strength of ye. And lock the door! Highest, Ancor Amacor Amides Theodonias DEMON_NAME Anitor, that my desired end may be effected through ye strength of Adonay to whom ye praise and glory will for ever and ever belong. Amen. I invocate, conjure and command you by your TRINKET! Spirit DEMON_NAME I command to appear and show yourself visibly to me before this circle and TRINKET! In fair and comely shape, without any deformity or tortuosity. By ye name DEMON_NAME and in ye name which Adam heard and spoke! The name DEMON_NAME which Jacob heard from ye angel wrestling with him, and was delivered from ye hands of Esau his Brother. Bar them out. And by ye name of God Agla, which Lot heard and was saved with his family! Forevermore. And by ye name Anaphexaton which Aron heard and spoke and became wise, and by the names Schemes-DEMON_NAME which Joshua called upon. Nook and cranny! Window, door. And ye DEMON_NAME stood still. And by ye name Emanuel which ye three children Sedrach Mesach and Abednego sung in ye midst of ye fiery furnace and ye TRINKET and were delivered. And by the name Alpha and Omega which Daniel named and destroyed the bell and ye dragon. Curse, go back. And by the name Zebaoth which Moses named and all the Rivers and waters in the land of Aegypt were turned into blood. And by the name Escerchie Oriston, which Moses named and all the rivers brought forth froggs! And they went into the houses of Aegyptians, destroying all things. Remember the name Elio which Moses called upon and there was great Haile, such as was never seen since the Creation of the world to that day. And by the name Adonay which Moses named and there came a Locust Plague throughout the land of Aegypt and devoured all that the Haile had left. Curse thee by the name Hagios and the seal of Adonay. I call upon Otheos and by the holy sacred names Agla, On, Tetragrammaton and by the dreadful judgement of God. And by the uncertain sea of glass. DEMON_NAME I invocate, conjure and command thee, I command that you make true and faithful answers, to all my demands, and to perform all my desires! So far as in office you are capable to perform therefore come ye peaceably visible and affable now without delay DEMON_NAME. Curse go back! To manifest what I desire speaking with a perfect and clear voyce, Intelligible unto my understanding. Back with double fear and flack. I invocate and conjure you DEMON_NAME. Pain and lack. And being without power armed from your supreme majesty, I thoroughly command you by KING_TITLE KING_NAME and the most powerful princes and ministers of your Tartarean seat. And without honour in thy black heart or honesty in thy lying tongue, I call thy name and bind thee to my will. Silver arrow through the night! Seal them out Forevermore. Chief princes of the seats of the Ninth Region, I exorcise and powerfully command you! Silver arrow take thy flight. I command that you forthwith appear and show yourself here before me, this ritual done and this rite consumed. Come from all parts of the world and make rational answers unto all things which I shall ask of you DEMON_NAME. Come ye peaceably, visibly and without delay. I conjure you by the especial and true Name of your king KING_NAME and the fascination of your TRINKET. Back with double pain and lack! Fulfil my desires and commands by thy love of thy TRINKET! I conjure thee by the name by which all Elements are over thrown, the air is shaken, the sea runneth back, the fire is quenched, the Earth trembleth! And all the hosts of Celestials, Terrestrials and Infernals do trembleth. I conjure thee O thou mighty and potent DEMON_NAME who ruleth under thy prince KING_TITLE KING_NAME in his dominion that thou forthwith appeareth, alone or with thy servants, in this hour of the day. Appear before this circle in a fair and comely shape, to do all things that I desire or request of you! Now O thou spirit DEMON_NAME since thou art still pernicious and disobedient and will not appeare unto me to answer to such things as I should have desired, I do in the name and by the power and dignity of the omnipotent Jehova cast thee into the depths of the bottomless pit. There to remain until the day of the last judgement, I say DEMON_NAME into the lake of fire and brimstone with thy TRINKET. Silver arrow seeks and finds. Let all the holy company of heaven curse thee. Let thy cursed TRINKET curse thee! Three times three do make up nine. The sun, moon, stars and all the lights and hosts of heaven curse thee. I curse thee DEMON_NAME into fire and torments unspeakable. I curse thee, disobedient spirit DEMON_NAME into that lake of fire which is prepared for thee damned and cursed and thrice damned spirits. Cursing heart and cursing mind. There to remain until the day of doom and never more to be remembered of before the face of God! Silver princes of the darkest damned spirits, I curse thy name DEMON_NAME and in cursing thy heart I strike at thee without delay and command your terrible name.
